# testrepo
git init
git remote add origin https://github.com/datasci9/testrepo.git
git add . # add all new files
git add -u # update tracking for files that changed names or were deleted
git add -A # does both above
git commit -m "meessage" # description of what you did
git push # update remote
Sometimes you might be working on a project, particularly in this class where there's a version that might be used by many other people, and you might not want to edit the version that's being used by everyone because if you make a lot of changes to it, it might break all the work that they're doing. So one thing that you might do, first is you might actually create a branch. So a branch is just another version of the same directory where you can make changes sort of independently. So what you can do is you can use git checkout -b and then the name of the branch that you want to do and that will create a new branch. The default branch for all the repos that are created with Github is the master branch, but you can create a repo with any other names they develop for development branch. To see what branch you're on at any given time. If you go into the current working directory where the repo is, and you type git branch, it'll tell you what branch you're on. If you want to switch back to the master branch, what you can do is, you can type git checkout master, and we'll check you out back to the master branch. And so you can look at that branch. 
One thing that you can do is once you've made a pull request, or a push of your changes up to your repo. Suppose that you're working on a repo where you're on a different branch or you're working on a repo that you forked from somebody else, then what you might want to do is merge your changes back into the original repo or into the original branch that you were working on. To do this you need to issue a pull request. This is a unique fit, feature of Gitbhub. It actually isn't a feature of Git. And so what you do is you go to the Github website and you, if you go to the branch that you're interested in. So if you go and pick which branch that you're working on then what you can do is you can actually click on this button over here which is compare and pull request. And what that will do is it will issue a pull request to the individual that owns that other branch or repo. So if it's yourself, you'll get a notification that there's been a pull request. If it's somebody else, they'll get a notification. And then they can decide whether to merge that pull request into their repo or not if they think the changes are appropriate. So you can see all the changes that were made and confirm whether they were sort of appropriate and interesting or not. 
